Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're on a Monday, starting out the week strong and ready to pray.
We'll go over some of the things—let us know.
Braden's been working with the microphone, seeing if it's different tonight, if it sounds more echoey or whatever.
We're trying to make it sound different; let us know what you think.
Lighting and all that—he's been working hard trying different lighting, different things with the background, and he's just been busy.
Welcome to the largest prayer group on the internet.
That's what I call us: the largest prayer church, prayer gathering, whatever you want to call it.
I'm excited.
You know, when you have numbers like the Lord has blessed us with, it is amazing how many of you come from all around the world to pray with us on a day-to-day basis.
And so it's exciting to take communion with that many people.
We take communion with thousands of people every day, and it's amazing what the Lord is doing.
People are being healed.
Last week we had well over 600 people get born again.
I give all the glory to God, ladies and gentlemen, but I don't know very many YouTube channels that get over 600 people around the world born again in a week.
It's amazing to see what the Lord is doing when we give an altar call and those translate through all the other channels.
We're already at 2,000.
Good evening, everybody.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to go over some of the things the Lord showed us in the last video when I left you all on Friday and what I believe is coming.
You know, with the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, there's many people that are still asleep.
There's many people that are not looking for His return.
And we know Jesus Christ is coming sooner than later; I just believe it with all my heart.
We're seeing all these major signs all around us on a day-to-day basis.
Now, you see it every day you click on the news or somebody saying something that is an acceleration of the end times.
I believe we're on the cusp of one of the greatest revivals we've ever seen before in this world: healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
Now, I know there's some of you that come over here who don't believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost; you don't believe that signs and wonders are for today.
But I'm about to tell you something: I believe with all my heart that God is a God of the signs.
And He is wanting to show the signs and the wonders to this generation like we've never seen before.
And we're praying that through.
We're going to keep praying and interceding for the shaking to awaken.
As we were praying this last video on Friday, the Lord showed us again praying over America, praying over our president and the decisions that he's making concerning China and the alliances that he's making, and praying for this shot of stimulus in the arm.
Now, this part of the video I say is for entertainment purposes only.
I'm not a financial adviser.
I'm not here to tell you what to do with your finances; that's on you.
I'm only here to tell you what I believe, my personal opinion of what the Holy Spirit is showing me.
We're all spiritual adults here.
And if you don't feel like it's the Lord and you say, 'Brandon, I feel like you've missed it,' then you know what?
I can miss it.
I'm human.
I'm never going to sit here and say, 'I never miss it.
Brandon Biggs never misses it.
' No, Brandon Biggs can miss it.
Brandon Biggs is just human, just like you are, and we're all just floating down the river going the best we can.
If we miss it—like I've seen some people who are prophetic miss it—we show them grace.
You don't beat them up; they're just human.
People get in the emotion of things, people get hyped up over things, and in doing so, you get your flesh involved.
And when the flesh is involved, it's stinky.
The flesh is stinky.
Everybody has armpits, and they all stink if you don't wash them.
When the flesh gets involved, we stink.
But when we are spirit-led and we're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost the best we can be and say, 'Lord, I yield to the Spirit of God; I yield to the presence of God,' when we do that, I believe that He shows us that which is to come.
And that's what this channel is all about: to pray over the things the Lord gives us.
We pray and I believe we can stop things; some things we cannot.
So when we see things bad happening like we see in the news sometimes, you say, 'Well, Brandon, how come we didn't stop that?
' I don't know.
But whenever He warns us about things, we do the best we can.
All I know is that whenever they're talking about the Ebola virus today and 40 people dead, and they're saying the new Ebola virus is starting to spread and this other new virus is coming, and they're talking about all these plagues and the pestilence and all these things, Jesus told us in Matthew 24 we would see it.
So are we supposed to be in shock and awe when we hear about these things?
No.
We know our redemption is drawing nigh and we're excited because the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is sooner than later.
All right.
So, when the Lord showed us in my opinion about the five alien lizard people, I saw five alien lizard people—five different races.
We see the New York Times come out and say there's four.
And I told Braden, I said, 'They're missing one.
' We've been over and over again.
I told you all the different leaderships of kings and queens, and over the course of time, they have tried to preserve and keep things in the secret society under wraps.
Well, we're not going to let our cross-contamination trying to preserve this bloodline.
Now, the New York Post—it's not the New York Times, it's the New York Post: 'Four alien species have been pulled from crashes, UFOs, ex-government researcher claims.
' Now, I don't know who the ex-government researcher is.
It doesn't say unless I guess Braden reads the rest of the article, but it's pretty interesting, huh?
Four.
Now, do we believe in aliens?
No.
Do we believe it's fallen Nephilim and fallen angels and fallen demonic things to snare the people?
That's what I believe.
I don't believe there's any kind of ET.
I don't believe there's any kind of spaceships out there that are from distant far galaxies.
I believe there's deception coming.
And when this deception comes, this will explain away the rapture of the church.
There's a lot of people who say—and this is interesting how divided the body of Christ is concerning the rapture of the church—there's a lot of you that believe there is no rapture of the church.
There's a lot of you that believe there's a mid-tribulation, and then there's some of you that believe that we go in the rapture.
I'm on the rapture boat.
I don't believe we're appointed unto wrath.
I do not believe that God is a wife beater and we're the body and the bride of Christ.
I don't believe God's going to beat His bride.
'Well, the disciples went through something, Brandon.
' Yes, but it wasn't the tribulation.
You are trying to compare what they went through to the tribulation.
No man has ever seen what's about to happen before.
No man has ever seen what's about to happen here soon.
We've never seen it in any generation.
Noah had a flood, but that wasn't the tribulation.
So that's just what I believe the Word says.
And then the other part is people believe in flat-earthers.
People believe in a round earth.
I'm a round earther.
I don't believe the earth is flat.
And I'm not going to sit here and argue with you about how you think the earth is flat and the firmament and all that other stuff.
I'm not going to argue about it.
I'm telling you the earth is round, and that's just what I believe.
If you don't want to believe it, that's fine, but I don't believe in all the stuff you believe.
I believe the earth is round.
So people get mad about that, but we can agree to disagree.
There are too many other issues that we can talk about other than this stupid stuff that you want to argue about.
So let's just keep on saying we can agree to disagree.
So, we're going to believe God for the revival and all that.
That's where my focus is for the great harvest.
We can all agree that Jesus loves us.
We can all agree that we all need to repent and turn from our wicked ways or we're not going to make it.
We can all believe that Jesus Christ died for every single one of us to live a victorious life.
He doesn't want anyone to perish, but all come to repentance.
John.
We all can believe that.
We don't have to believe on, you know, if you don't want to believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin, get the book.
If you want to know more about the baptism of the Holy Spirit, get this book, Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
And read it.
There's more scripture in here that helps you, and it's a short little read.
I think you can find it for free on YouTube.
There's a lady reading it.
It's 31 pages.
So you can read that in like 30 minutes.
My wife could read it probably in 10.
But learn Why Tongues by Kenneth E.
Hagin.
And I believe with all my heart that tongues is for today.
We are going to pray in tongues in a little bit, and we're going to pray over our nation.
We're going to pray over the things that we believe the Lord is leading us to pray over.
Now, what did the Lord show us about this last video we were together?
I saw a darkness in fall of 2028.
I saw the Olympics.
I saw buildings that were darkened with just a couple of lights on.
There wasn't a lot of lights on.
As I saw buildings, it looked like a darkness on the trees; there was a darkness.
Now, I believe that was a spiritual darkness.
There's something more to this darkness.
Now, this was 2028.
Now, here we are in May 2026.
And so we have some time, but I believe with all my heart for what the Lord has showed me, in my opinion, about the virus coming in fall of 2027.
Fall, late fall, November, December, January, February, March, April, all that timeframe to be another kind of a COVID event trying to manipulate the elections, trying to shake things.
I saw a major breakout of another kind of a virus.
We're seeing birthing pains of it right now as you see the people talking about Ebola.
I said it would be similar to the Black Death.
Do you have the videos for that?
Trump was saying he should be concerned about that.
Okay, now play it.
This is President Trump's comment on Ebola today.
No, that's not today because that's Jerome Powell in the background, right?
No.
Who is that old man?
Okay.
Can you play it or no?
Concern about Ebola?
I'm concerned about everything, but I certainly am.
I think that it's been confined right now to Africa, but it's something that has had a breakout.
I could ask Bobby to say a couple of words about it if you'd like.
I think Heidi Overton is going to come up and give us a few words.
Dr.
Overton, thank you.
Thank you, Mr.
President.
Today the CDC held a press briefing that provided a lot of the answers and information, but we have stood up a full interagency shorter flight time for Americans to receive treatment there in Germany.
For all other Americans, we have issued travel warnings.
We have instituted just today entry restrictions for non-US citizens that have been in the region in the past 21 days, so in Uganda, Democratic Republic of Congo and South Sudan.
So very serious measures that have been taken.
We are working to communicate very frequently with everyone.
Your question was, should Americans be worried?
Right now there are no cases of Ebola in America.
We want to keep it that way and we are doing everything we can to support Americans in the region.
Thank you, Mr.
President.
So these are the things the Lord warned us about.
And it wasn't Ebola the way I saw it.
It was like the Black Death.
The Lord said it would be similar to the Black Death clear back in the 1400s that would spread by rats.
Now Ebola's on the scene and we got the other Hantavirus or whatever it's called.
Hantavirus.
And so we have these other viruses.
I believe this is the pre-run for what's about to come.
I don't believe that we're there yet.
I believe we still have a window.
I'm still believing for the wealth transfer for the Clarity Act, Save America Act.
There's great things coming.
Now, when the Lord showed us that President Trump would have his approval rating dip all the way to 25%—do you remember the Lord showed us that Trump's approval rating would dip to 25%?
And they would try to come out with some kind of stimulus, some kind of morale booster.
So, we're hearing now—I don't believe in all these polls—but they're saying his approval rating is down lower than it's ever been before.
And it's only 11 points away from what the Lord showed us.
38% is what some people are saying his approval rating is.
37%.
So, we're getting close.
25 was what we saw.
So, do we get to 25?
I hope not.
I'm trying to tell you all, midterms are just a couple months away.
It's not that far.
So, there's much prayer that needs to be done for the Senate and the House so that we maintain them, but I would like to have a bigger majority.
Believe in God.
There's a lot of things that we need to get rid of these RINOs and bring in new politicians and new faces in the days ahead.
So yeah, this is Forbes.
So, is it fake news?
I don't know.
You know, you got CNN, they tell you anything.
They're just dark.
But okay, Friday.
Yeah.
So, Kevin is going to be sworn in on Friday.
He's going to replace Jerome Powell.
Pretty interesting.
So, let's see what he does.
I'm praying that we have great economic highs in the name of Jesus to see some good things.
I'm believing God.
We see another three people getting shot and lost their lives at an Islamic Center.
Sadly, we don't want to see anybody get hurt.
So, I don't know who did that or why they did it, but it sounds like they went after the Islamic people, did they?
Yeah, I believe so.
It's in San Diego.
So, it happened today sadly.
Anything else?
And then Trump posted himself and then he had—what is that one guy he posted saying cancer?
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Then this I thought was interesting.
JP Morgan's guy is saying what we saw in the spirit concerning the cure for cancer coming.
The cure for Alzheimer's, the cure for dementia, the cure for these major ailments coming out of AI, that people would embrace AI instead of push it away because they would bring out things that would attract you and be like, 'Hey, it's our friend.
' And that's what they were after.
It's our friend.
And so, listen to what he says right here.
Picture AI is going to cure cancers and reduce work weeks, and kids will live longer, and planes will be safer, cars will be safer, and fewer people will die, and you'll have new drugs.
It's going to be good.
I picture AI is going to cure cancers and reduce work weeks, kids will live longer, planes will be safer, cars will be safer and fewer people will die, and you'll have new drugs.
So for cancer, new discoveries, new drugs, new everything.
AI is going to be your friend; remember that: the new industrial revolution.
That lady said the new industrial revolution and they all booed her at that school.
I thought that was interesting.
Do you remember that?
There was somebody there, and they're all booing her.
She was talking about AI and the new industrial revolution, whatever.
The whole school started booing her and I was like, 'Man, this is pretty interesting.
' The younger generation is rejecting AI because there are no jobs and stuff, right?
So they're all freaking out.
What are we going to do?
It's taking our jobs.
With those robot people that don't have to have bathroom breaks, lunch breaks, snack breaks, or smoke breaks.
I've seen that.
That's the one that mom showed me.
This is the moment a real estate executive was booed at a University of Central Florida commencement because she said this: 'The rise of artificial intelligence is the next industrial revolution.
' It was the arts, humanities, and communication schools.
I thought it was interesting because she said the exact same thing the Holy Spirit said: 'It is the rise, the new industrial revolution.
' Is it resolution or revolution?
Revolution.
Yes, I get it mixed up when I say it.
All right, is that it?
Is that on the news?
It's kind of a slow news day.
President Trump had his meeting.
He's excited about what's going on with the economy and the deals he struck with China and all that.
I'm curious to see what comes out of that.
I'm more curious if, when they try to pass this Clarity Act, I think that's going to be the biggest breakthrough, praying over this Clarity Act.
The guy was talking about the Harvard guy and alien tech.
Play it; it's only 16 seconds.
And then let's pray.
I've already kept them too long.
In fact, I had visits to my home by former members of corporations like Lockheed Martin who told me that, as far as they know, they received unusual things from the US government that may indicate alien technology.
That's pretty cool.
What kind of technology is that?
Lasers?
Who knows?
I told you they were scanning these black things with these writings, and they were scanning it with AI and trying to find out this dark stuff that was in these tombs and trying to have AI decipher it for medicines and things like that.
It was in the ancient Smithsonian and things like that.
I've seen them scanning it with AI.
So, going back to 2028, the darkness on the earth.
And then I saw a major attack, some kind of Red Dawn experience.
I saw a crater in the earth, but it was a building.
It looked like something similar to Oklahoma City, to what happened with Timothy McVeigh.
Praying over our major buildings, praying over New York City, praying over the buildings on fire, praying over Trump's children: Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, Don Jr.
, and Eric.
Praying over the family, praying over his marriage, praying over him to stay strong.
They were saying that on the flight back home from China, he only got two hours of sleep the whole time.
For an 80-year-old man, he is running hard.
Two hours of sleep.
Your body has to have more rest than that.
He's pushing so hard that it's incredible the rate that he's going at.
It's almost supernatural for anybody to keep going at 80 years old.
My grandmother is 80 or 90 and she takes a nap four or five times a day.
They fall asleep all day long.
But as I saw that, I saw patriotism coming across America.
People were saying, 'I'm proud to be an American,' and there were a lot of trucks with flags like in the South, flags on the big trucks, and they go down Main Street blowing a flag on their truck.
A lot of the rednecks put the big flags on and they run down the street, and it's fun to watch.
There's a patriotism; people are excited to be American.
I saw a shaking like it was with 9/11, how there was a lot of patriotism and people were all singing and coming together, digging through the rubble and trying to find people.
This was the same kind of vibe.
So we're going to pray over our nation, President Trump, and jewelry.
Praying over what I saw about the stones.
Now, I thought this was interesting.
Right after we prayed about Trump receiving jewelry from nations concerning the 250 years, South Korea gives him jewelry.
South Korea gave him a major gift when he went there today.
They gave him some kind of jewelry.
I believe it was either them or China.
But they gave him some kind of jewelry and he was real excited about it.
It was a gift and it was jewelry, just like the Lord is showing us.
It's about the 250 years.
He said he's going to help South Korea build a nuclear sub.
Am I dreaming this?
Maybe not.
But if so, we'll just talk about it tomorrow.
Hopefully, your week's been good.
Believing God for rain.
We've got to pray over the rain right off the bat.
We've got to break the drought.
The farmers need it for the wheat here in America.
We need rain.
Not destructive hailstorms and tornadoes, but rain, good toad-strangling rain in the state and all around from Alabama to Florida to Georgia.
Everybody needs some rain.
Texas needs rain badly, the ranchers and the farmers.
So we're going to pray over that tonight.
We're going to pray over the weather and your finances.
Let's pray over all the things that you're believing God for.
Like I always say, there's an expiration date to what you've been believing for.
There it is.
This is what the Lord says: 'There is no water.
There is no water.
' I heard it three times.
And the Lord said, 'Drought.
' And I saw a dust bowl coming, a new dust bowl.
And the farmers' tractors weren't working for some reason.
I could see across Texas and Oklahoma; it was great drought conditions and very, very hot summers.
And there is burning.
Where's that, son?
Texas.
This is Texas.
What part?
The Texas Panhandle.
And all the Lubbock area, all up there is dry—very dry—and it is all burning up.
The ranchers are in trouble if they do not get some rain, so let's pray for rain.
Let's pray not just for a couple of inches; let's pray for it to be gully washers filling up our ponds, our streams, and our rivers with rain.
So, we are going to do that.
We are going to pray over our election.
We are going to pray over what else?
I will pray for your health or whatever, however the Holy Spirit leads us.
Did I cover everything from the last video?
I believe it was, because it was a good video.
There were a lot of things there.
It was just a dark video; the things the Lord showed me.
It is just sad.
Some of it is darkness.
It is 2028.
We are praying over it, but getting to that point for the next Shemitah cycle.
And one of our asks was, 'When is the Shemitah cycle?
' And it was in September of 2028.
What was interesting was the Olympics is in July.
So Father, we just thank You for this time of prayer together.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that we are anticipating Your goodness and Your mercy.
Father, we are so grateful for all that You have done so far in the last several weeks, that we see a turnaround in things.
We can feel it there.
I have an anticipation for the manifestations of the glory concerning the end times.
Where are we with the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
President Trump is talking about liberating Cuba and going after these evil people, these evildoers in Cuba, the Castros.
And then we see U.
S.
attack drones threat from Cuba.
So, we know that they—I did not realize they had drones.
I did not either.
So, we do not want that on our boats.
Hey, do you remember the boats?
And I saw them coming out in the Caribbean, and I saw the boats with Royal Caribbean and Carnival boats, and they were putting—with a black boat—they would go up beside a cruise ship and put the explosive device as quickly as they could and go off.
And it was all down there by Cuba.
They were putting explosive devices on the boats.
Now they are showing oil tankers.
It was off Key West.
That is what they are saying.
In Key West, the cruise ships—and people say, 'Why would they do that?
' And I say, 'Well, they were trying to mess with the economy, trying to bring fear.
' And I saw drug cartels and people getting really upset in the days ahead coming out of Venezuela in these areas, Cuba, and they were putting the explosives on there.
And I remember even a guy that was working on some guttering, the French drains.
And he said to me, 'I was going on a trip to Cuba.
' This was back several years ago.
And he said, 'I was going on a trip to Cuba and I was going to go down in that area, but I am canceling it because I have such a caution.
' And I am just telling you by the Spirit of God, there is something more about this.
Praying over these boats, praying over these major shakings to awaken the boats.
So, we are going to continue to pray over that.
It is very serious, praying over the cruise ships.
And you saw jammers.
You saw Starlink.
Oh yes, I saw jammers jamming up the Starlink.
Jamming up Starlink's 911.
Jamming up 911 cell phones for Starlink because I saw Starlink going to be used and I saw it would be hard to get, and it was for Best Buy and these other places.
But as they were bringing forth the jammers, AT&T was not working.
And you know what is interesting?
I did not see that it was T-Mobile.
I just saw AT&T.
Now, there are some people who say, 'I work for AT&T and that would never happen.
' I do not know; I am just telling you what I saw, but you were not able to talk because of some kind of 911—so I was seeing that there was no way to get a hold of 911.
So, interesting to me.
We will continue to pray over this.
The jammers are what they call them.
And then you saw the hornet with five stars on its shoulder.
He had blue eyes, a light blue with a black ring inside there.
And he had a Green Beret-looking hat on.
He was mad as a hornet as his tail was positioned in a stinging position concerning the President and a five-star.
Well, we do not have five-star generals now in the military.
We had them back in Vietnam, from what I understood, and World War II, if I understand that correctly.
And it was back when Kennedy was in office, from what I understand.
Everything was going around the Kennedy curse, the Kennedys, and how he was taken out—in my opinion—it does not matter.
You know, people getting all kinds of mysterious weirdness about stuff with Q and all this other stuff.
And I do not get into all those conspiracy theories.
I see what I see and I go by it.
And people say, 'Well, Brandon, what are you seeing?
' Well, I see drones.
I see these things being used.
I see to pray over Trump's kids, to intercede for their protection, to intercede for our nation.
So, and that is what we will continue to do.
Cash for clunkers.
Oh, cash for clunkers, because I saw Ford was in trouble.
I saw Ford and I saw there was a stimulus of $24 billion coming—$24 billion.
And I saw for GMC and Chevrolet that the people were not buying new trucks, F-150s.
They were not buying them in the days ahead.
There was nobody going out and buying brand new F-150s and Chevrolets—not Tahoes, you know, their whatever they have, the Chevys.
So there was—they were asking for a stimulus like it was for Cash for Clunkers back in the early 2000s when Obama first became president, and you gave your old truck and they would want to give you so much money off your taxes or whatever for buying another truck.
So I saw another attempt to stimulate the economy with some kind of buyback with a payout to the auto industries in the days ahead.
And I saw the number $24 billion.
It is a lot of money.
So, all right.
We will continue to pray over things.
Father, we just thank You for all that You have done.
Again, I just thank You.
And we thank You for Your body.
We thank You, Lord, for how much You have done for us.
That by Your stripes, we are healed.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You.
And with Your stripes, we are healed.
Lord, we receive it.
And we believe that today is the expiration date for what we are believing for.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that You forgive us of our sins.
As we confess our sins, You are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
And we thank You, Lord, that we are cleansed.
We are healed and whole and well, and we do not have to be underneath the curse of the law.
According to Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we believe, we receive in Jesus' name.
We take the blood, Lord.
We plead the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
The blood never loses its power.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You for the blood.
We apply the blood of Jesus over the house, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
And we are so grateful, Father, that You have called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We yield to the anointing of the Watcher.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic.
We yield to whatever you want us to see or hear.
We thank you, Lord.
We can't do this without you.
Never could.
We are totally trusting confidently in you.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
He wants to bring rest to your weary soul.
Rest in the midst of the hard times and trials and tribulations of your life.
He brings rest in your financial difficulties and sickness in your body.
You may have gotten a bad report today at the doctor's office and they're telling you you got this many days to live.
Peace over you, peace so that you can lay your head because Jesus is a healer.
It ain't over until it's over.
It is not over until it's over.
I believe that by his stripes, you're healed.
Regardless of what the doctor says or the boss may have told you today or whatever you're going through, there's always—all things are possible to him who believes, and it may look like the darkest hour of your life and you're thinking, 'Brandon, there's my daughter or my son or whatever.
I've got all these bad reports.
They're in drugs.
They're in alcohol.
They're in all this perversion and I don't know.
' Thank you, son.
I don't know how I'm going to get through it, Brandon.
All I know is that Jesus is there and he is an ever-present help in a time of need.
And he knows your needs better than you know your past.
He knows what you need.
He knows everything before you even ask for it.
And we just take our care out of our prayer of all the things that we need and go, 'God, I just have to roll this over onto you.
' No matter what kind of doctor, no matter what kind of bill you got in the mail, no matter what kind of bad report you got, we can take the care out of our prayer and we totally are confidently relying on you knowing that you have the finished work at hand.
It's done.
And we believe, Father, that things are subject to change.
And Father, what the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn it around for good and we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
We're so grateful, Father, for all that you've done.
You know what's amazing also is we had that prayer gathering yesterday.
And there was no badness.
We had all complete worship.
People were excited.
All kinds of different tribes and tongues, every—so many different tents is what you want to call them, came to Washington yesterday and they were praying over America, rededicating, praying over things.
There was a lot of cool preachers there preaching and saying things.
Some of them should have had more time and some of them should have had less.
But we're like, 'Get off the stage.
' But it was good.
Listen to this one right here.
I want you to listen to this one.
You just had him on there right here.
This got me so excited.
I personally know this man.
His pastor Guillermo.
I probably butcher his name all the time.
I'm not good with names.
I apologize, sir.
Guillermo Maldonado.
Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Apostle Guillermo Maldonado.
This man is on fire for Jesus.
Good afternoon everybody.
I'm going to ask you to stand for a moment.
Would you stand for a moment?
And I'm going to ask you a question.
How many of you have seen, experienced, or believe a miracle?
Awesome.
So before I finish my part, I'm going to pray for you.
I have witnessed so many hundreds and thousands of miracles—physical miracles, miracles of protection, miracles of healing, all kinds of miracles—and the most important, the miracle of the heart.
So I just want to mention this and what the Bible says.
The Bible is a book of miracles.
So from Genesis to Revelation because God is a supernatural almighty El Shaddai, mighty God.
So many people today say the miracles are something of the past.
But I declare what the Bible says.
God still works miracles.
He has not changed.
Can you put your hands together and give Jesus a big praise?
He is the same yesterday, today and forever.
He used to do miracles before.
He's doing miracles now and he will do in the future.
So we never intended to be bound to this natural dimension.
We need to take the limits off of God.
If you're confronting something in your life that is impossible, I want to remind you that you need to take the limits off of God.
Your God is mighty.
Your God is powerful.
We don't have to live defeated, hopeless when we're facing hardship on earth.
We reach out into God's supernatural power.
He has no limit.
Nothing is impossible for him.
All things are possible for God.
So if you came today with a need, if you need a miracle in your life, today this is the moment.
God's power goes above and beyond any impossible circumstances in your life.
Above and beyond impossible human abilities.
Above and beyond other powers.
God's power is limitless, eternal, miracle-working power that overcomes anything and everything.
America, in this 250 years, we make a call to return to this miracle-working God, miracle God, almighty God, powerful God who sent his son Jesus to earth to die for our sins.
There's the two greatest needs of America—number one, the need of a spiritual awakening, and the need of a spiritual revival.
We have the need of revival.
We have the need of a spiritual awakening.
There is no revival without repentance.
And today I'm going to mention to you, bow your heads where you are and we're going to do a prayer of repentance.
Any personal sin in your life, any sin of the nation, we're going to ask God, and we're going to close our eyes in a sign of reverence to God.
And we're going to say, 'God, we come in this 250 years and we repent before you.
We ask you to cleanse us with your blood.
We humble ourselves and we recognize the need of you.
We need you, Lord.
Help us today.
Cleanse us with the blood of Jesus.
' And the Bible says, 'Repent and be converted for you to have times of refreshing from the presence of God.
' There's no revival without repentance.
If you want your life to be changed and to be alive for Jesus, we need to repent.
God's power is above and beyond impossible circumstances; it is above and beyond human abilities.
God's power today is available for you.
And I will say something very powerful here today before I finish.
Please, I would love for you to join me in a prayer.
If you need a prayer, if you need something in your body, in your mind, in your family, your children, if you say, 'Do you believe in miracles?
If you believe in miracles, let's believe together.
' Bow your heads and let's pray.
Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we come before you.
There's a lot of you people here today that need a miracle.
And I release from here healing, deliverance, miracles in their mind, and their heart and their children and their family.
Father, above all those people that need peace in their mind, they're struggling with depression.
They're struggling with things in their life, Father.
And we pray today that your power, your healing power, your healing deliverance come upon them.
Father, we ask you today and we proclaim that you have not finished with America.
I declare that Jesus is the Lord and King upon America.
America, you must be revived and awakened.
Jesus is coming soon and I declare revival.
I declare revival and awakening.
I want you to lift your hands where you are and I will release over your life personal revival.
Revival starts with you.
You want your life to be in a spiritual revival and awakening.
Father, in the name of Jesus, I pray for your revival in every person as you release healing, deliverance, as you release peace and transformation.
I pray today Lord that you have not finished with America and the greatest revival we ever seen.
I declare from this platform in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Maranatha!
Jesus is coming back.
God bless you.
That's excellent.
There was a spark there.
That was some fire right there.
Boy, I thought it was exciting.
I said, "All we need is a little bit of a spark to get this going.
" And this is what I'm talking about.
There were so many there who were praying.
It was a beautiful stage for the rededication of the 250 years.
I thought it was great.
President Trump wasn't there, I don't believe, but I think you played that one clip at the end that he did.
Remember, there was a turn from...
But there was a lot of worship.
It lasted for like eight hours.
Yeah, there's Jentezen Franklin in the house and there are a lot of people there.
Some of these people I don't even know who they are, but there was the Jesus actor from "The Chosen.
" Oh, that's Duck Dynasty.
Where's she?
I don't know anybody else.
All right.
I get excited when I see people out praying.
There are several thousands of people there.
I don't know how many—10,000 or more.
Looks like it.
I mean, not right there in that shot, but in the whole shot.
In all of it, there were a lot of people there in the crowd shots.
Yeah, there are a lot of people there, for sure.
Could have been more.
Father, we just thank you for the rebirthing of America.
We're so thankful, Father, for your hand on our nation.
We're so thankful, Father, for all that you've done and all that you continue to do to revive America.
Father, we will see the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
We're so thankful, Father, that we will not be that goat nation, but that we will remain a sheep nation.
Father, it starts with us.
Revival starts with us.
Father, we are the light in the world.
We're the light in the marketplace, we're the light in the Walmarts or wherever we may be.
And Father, when people see us, they see the anointing on us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen upon us.
We're so grateful, Father, for what you've done so far to stir it up with this crowd.
Father, this has to be just the very beginning of a spark.
We need a lot more.
I thank you, Father, that this is not the end.
This is just the beginning.
But Father, it starts from here.
And we give you praise and glory and honor, Father, for the beginning of a new era of time, for a supernatural revival, Father, better than Jack Coe, William Branham, Kathryn Kuhlman, A.
A.
Allen, Oral Roberts, Kenneth E.
Hagin, and on and on and on.
But Father, the tent revivals are back.
We bring the tent revival back.
But not just tents this time; we would fill up stadiums.
Stadiums filled with the glory.
Stadiums filled with the presence of God.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the rain.
We thank you, Father, for the rain.
We call in rain from the north, the south, the east, the west, over every area of our nation and over Australia, over Africa.
The places where they keep saying, "Brandon, we need rain, too.
" We call in the rain.
Father, if the drought is from sin in our nation, we repent.
We repent, Lord, for the drought.
We break the drought over our nation so that we'll have water.
What is that?
A seed.
As a nation, as a whole, we repent.
If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, you said you would heal our land.
Our land needs healing, Lord.
Father, as a group tonight, we repent and turn from our wicked ways as a nation.
If my people...
and Father, we believe for rain over our areas.
Rain in the name of Jesus.
We call in over three, four, five inches of rain.
Rain, come now in Jesus' name.
Over the panhandle, over Colorado, over Utah, over Idaho, over California, over Mexico, over Arizona.
I mean all through this area.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the rain over Arkansas and Louisiana.
Lord, the southern states, we're calling in the rain.
Kansas, Nebraska, we call in the rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
We speak to the drought.
We command it to break in the name of Jesus.
We make a heavy dent in the drought.
Lord, rain come now in Jesus' name.
Low-pressure systems come in off of the Pacific.
We call you rain; come forth now in Jesus' name.
No more drought.
We break the drought in Jesus' name.
Every wall, every obstacle for weather manipulation and weather modification, we take authority over it now in Jesus' name.
With the chemtrails in the sky, I see the chemtrails.
I see the spraying of the sky.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
We call it in in the name of Jesus.
Push!
We push the weather.
Rain, rain in Jesus' name.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know; it's nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Oh Father, the blood that washes away our sins, the blood that makes us whole again.
Father, as a nation, we apply the blood.
I'm going to tell you what I see: the highway that goes up through Lubbock and goes up through Amarillo.
There's a highway there.
There's a major highway that goes up through Lubbock to Amarillo and then goes out, and you go to Colorado Springs or Oklahoma City.
You can go that way.
On this highway, I see there's a hotel in the Lubbock area, and I see sex trafficking going on there.
I see sex trafficking with young girls.
This is a highway for sex trafficking coming up through there.
It's coming up through El Paso, going up to Amarillo and going out this way.
It's not all going through Dallas.
So, we call for an exposing.
We call for it to be exposed now in Jesus' name.
Now I'm seeing PTSD being dealt with through military...
This is covering.
You are dealing with this big time with PTSD.
It's at the brain.
They're even talking about doing shocks on your brain, like electric shocks.
And the Lord wants to set you free tonight.
You've been on so much medication.
They're trying to use alternate sources like shock therapies.
And the Lord wants to set you free today from this PTSD and electric shock therapy.
You keep having flashbacks of a roadside bomb.
You're in a Hummer.
I see a Hummer.
You're driving and you have flashbacks of those who were around you who passed away.
Friends—one was a black man.
Don't make this so specific.
If you are believing for this for yourself and you say, "Brandon, I don't know about that particular thing you're calling out, but I'm having these issues," don't say, "Well, that doesn't belong to me.
" Yes, claim it for you, too.
I'm seeing a particular individual and then I'm believing with you also.
So don't say, "Well, it's not for me.
" No.
The Lord wants to set you free tonight.
All soldiers, as we get ready for Memorial Weekend, do you hear me?
As we get ready for Memorial Weekend for the fallen, the Lord wants to set you free.
The Lord wants to set you free as you get ready to go into Memorial Weekend.
We call in restoration.
We call in restoration for the torment that has been on them.
We command it to go now in Jesus' name.
You'll not contemplate taking your life.
We take authority over the spirit of suicide and self-harm.
We break your power in Jesus' name.
We will not stand for any of our wounded veterans or the ones that are battling this kind of stuff.
We say you will not stand alone.
We stand with you and pray for you.
And we believe that today is the day of your freedom.
As you fought for our freedom, we believe for your freedom.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over your brain, over the hormones of your body.
All the bad memories and the things that you've been tormented by, we break this off of you in Jesus' name.
We call healing.
And this is even concerning fallen police officers.
I see concerning police officers, people who have been tormented by losing partners in the service, seeing your deputies and people that have been slain by the hand of the wicked, and you've been tormented, and the Lord said today is the day of your expiration date for this torment.
Jesus Christ is setting you free.
Take it no more.
Yield to the anointing of the healing power of God flowing through your mind right now, flowing through your body, erasing those things: the torment and the night sweats.
Be healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
He said tonight's your night for your victory.
I see this: You were in a very abusive relationship.
And this is the same kind of pattern of this PTSD.
It's like from an abusive spouse and you have flashbacks of this man beating you, continually beating you, and you keep having nightmares, and it's torment to the point where you can't even go on and have another relationship after this man has been so physically abusive to you for so long, but you're not with him anymore.
And God wants to bring a great restoration from that demonic abuse that you went through.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory over this torment.
It was sexual abuse.
It was physical abuse.
It was even rape.
This was rape.
And the Lord set you free.
So much baggage, so much trauma of the soul.
Jesus wants to set you free from it.
We believe, we receive, we pray over every single one of them tonight.
Freedom over their minds.
Holy Spirit, freedom over their minds in the name of Jesus.
Some of you are weeping.
I see you crying because you feel it.
It's like a purging as you're crying, as you're purging, as you're weeping.
And the Lord is setting you free of this bondage.
It's been a yoke of bondage.
It's like a band that's been around your mind, it's been around your thinking, and the Lord is setting you free.
Angels of the Lord, manifest and take it off now in Jesus' name.
Taking those rods, taking those iron bonds, it's like an iron that's been wrapped around you.
We break the irons.
We break the strongholds.
We come against it in Jesus' name.
Let them go.
Torment no more.
Let them go in Jesus' name.
Be free from the torment.
Be free from mind struggles.
A cleansing.
And this has even affected your testosterone.
There's something with your testosterone, sir, and the prostate and the way your body produces with hormone imbalances.
With the testicle and how it's communicating to the pituitary gland.
There's things that are communicating.
I see the pituitary gland.
It's something with the brain up here.
Then it sends the signal to the hormones and the thyroid.
It's related to the testosterone and some of the hormones of what's going on with the PTSD.
Some of it's going on with your testosterone and the hormone imbalances.
I see God restoring back hormones.
Paradigm.
Thank you, Lord, for restoration.
Thank you, Lord, for the restoring.
That You're not finished with them yet.
The best is yet to come.
Greater things are yet to be done in your life.
Greater things are yet to come.
A restoring of what the cankerworm ate.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over your body in the name of Jesus.
There's one lady, she tried to have baby after baby, but you're so afraid of having a miscarriage that it's paralyzed you with fear.
You want to have a baby, but you're so afraid because you feel you've had so many miscarriages.
You say, 'I don't even want to try anymore because of the pain that I keep suffering after losing baby after baby.
' I see a chain of events and you have so many miscarriages of the hormones that are off.
And you say, 'I don't want to have anymore.
I don't want to try anymore.
I can't even do it.
I can't suffer.
The pain of this is too much.
' God wants to deal with that pain.
God wants to deal with the sorrow of the grieving of losing children.
God wants to take away that pain and that bondage from losing so many babies.
You've been underneath this torment for too long.
And it's bringing depression over you.
And it's even affecting your marriage to the point where you don't even know if you can stand being around each other because the torment of this is driving you almost insane because the devil keeps messing with your mind.
And I see this torment on you continually.
And the Lord wants to set you free, lady.
The pain is so deep in you.
And the Lord wants to set you free and deliver them from the pain of the sorrow of this.
We break word curses.
We break a word curse from abortions that took place.
I see abortions and some of you took this and they opened a door through this abortion.
And there's a demonic spirit that set in in your uterus.
You have a demonic spirit after this abortion.
And there's been an attack on your babies ever since to get pregnant.
And it's an attack and there's been a demonic spirit that has attached itself to the uterus after the abortion that you had in your younger years.
Repent and move on.
We command that devil to let them go in the name of Jesus.
Let her go.
Come out in Jesus' name.
Repent and move on.
It's had a stronghold.
Lord says some of this comes out by prayer and fasting.
We command you to come out in Jesus' name.
Yeah, it let go of one ovary.
I see you let go of one ovary and you feel that on your right-hand side.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness in the name of Jesus.
And if this is you and you feel this word of knowledge is for you, you say Brandon, you don't have to tell nobody your business in the chat, but email my wife and let her know.
Email my wife and we're going to continue to stand with you for the healing and the deliverance of all this.
Healed, whole, and in wellness.
Now I see a root of poverty that is on people, and you just seem unable to get ahead.
You get set back repeatedly and you just get a little bit further and then you take steps back.
You've had setback after setback, and you say, 'Why does it seem like this bad luck follows me around?
' The Lord says, 'Start declaring out of your mouth: I am free.
I am free from the setback.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
I am free.
' Your mountain has to hear your voice.
You've been saying it out of your mouth, 'I'm always having these setbacks.
' What you're saying is derailing you.
It's been a demonic assignment on you, but it's got a stronghold because you keep speaking it and declaring it over your life.
Start speaking to your mountain and it will hear your voice: 'I am free.
I am delivered from poverty, lack, and barely getting by.
I'm delivered according to Deuteronomy 28.
I'm delivered and I'm under the blessing.
' God always comes through for me; God always provides for me.
I've got another job, a better job coming.
I've got creative ideas coming.
I'm calling those things that be not as though they were.
You may not in the natural see the manifestation of what you're believing for the first week.
Speak it, believe it, and say it out of your mouth: 'I am free.
I am blessed.
' You start saying, 'I have too high of an electric bill.
It's summertime, it always is high.
' Well, it's nice to be cool, but God, you're going to provide for my electric bill and my water bill.
Say it out of your mouth: 'I'm going to get out of this.
' Government assistance is not enough; I've got to have more than enough to do what God has called me to do, not just getting by on food stamps.
Father, I thank you for government assistance, but God, I thank you that this is not your best for my life.
We will break out of this in Jesus' name.
Say that: 'I'm going to get out of this.
I'm going to get a better job, find a good job, or start my own company.
' You follow the voice of the Lord for your life.
We thank you, Lord, for all that you have in store.
We give you praise.
We thank you, Jesus.
In the name of Jesus, we thank you, Lord.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Okay, we're going to pray over there.
How long ago did I pray about the boats?
Do you remember the last time I brought them up when I talked about Steve working on the gutters?
No, I'm talking about the cruise ships.
Back in December, actually.
That's when you first saw it—January, something like that.
No, it's been well over a year ago.
If you can find that, I want to see that clip.
I need that clip; I want to hear what the Lord said.
But I'll just keep praying over it.
Father, we take authority over our boats, and we thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus that for every boat in the Caribbean, there will not be any kind of bombs, drones, or any kind of attack against our cruise ships or our boats in the ports: Royal Caribbean, Carnival, Princess, all our boats.
We thank you, Lord, that you are protecting our cruise ships from any kind of attacks.
We come against it in the name of Jesus.
Do you remember, baby?
When was this?
This was December of 2025.
That was the last time I saw it, December 9th.
I thought I saw it last fall.
So December 9th is when we saw about the boats.
October 1st, I saw the glory; remember the revival breaking out on the boat?
So play that because we're in that timeframe now—December 6th of last year.
We're in May now, so this is when we started seeing about the boats, praying over the boats: Royal Caribbean and Carnival.
Do you have it?
I want to hear it.
Father, we thank you.
But the Lord said this is not through vice on a river; they were coming up the Caribbean.
Cruise ships, not Mediterranean.
The cruise ships are down by Jamaica and all those areas.
As they were going, I saw a speedboat, like an inflatable boat.
It was a black boat that looked like something the military would use on a river.
They were coming up beside the cruise ship, and they had some sticky substance and slapped this briefcase-sized device on the side of the ship.
As they were going away, they had a remote detonator and they detonated the cruise ship.
I saw Royal Caribbean on the side of the boat.
But the Lord said, 'This is not drug cartel; this is an act of war from Venezuela for an escalation of things concerning their country.
' So it's Venezuela.
Whenever I'm seeing about these boats, I feel the urgency to pray over them because that was Venezuela in that vision.
Father, we thank you over Cuba, over Venezuela, over the act of war.
It could be I missed it about who it is—Venezuela, it could be Cuba.
All I saw was a 'C' down there.
This is the danger of adding to or taking away from anything.
What if it's not Venezuela?
It could be Cuba.
But I feel the urgency to pray over cruise ships.
Would that involve oil tankers?
I don't know, but we continue to intercede.
Father, I thank you.
I remember the guy working on the French drain said, 'I'm not going on a cruise ship because of that vision.
' And then he ended up going.
Braden, it all goes together.
The pressure of it and the time goes by so fast.
That was December, not even five months ago.
Father, I thank you that you deliver the boats.
Thank you for our oil tankers; all our major oil boats are in the Gulf and the Mediterranean.
Is that right?
Yeah.
The Caribbean.
Not Mediterranean.
All where the boats are.
Jamaica, all the areas.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural protection over our oil tankers and our boats.
When we go to liberate Cuba, when they go to liberate Cuba, Father, it will be effortless.
That there'll be major revival in Cuba in Jesus name.
A major revival in Cuba.
in Jesus name.
Thank you father for the major revival in Cuba for liberating them in Jesus name.
Liberation comes.
Liberation comes to the people of Cuba.
Let's pray.
time.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord.
No boats go down.
What's that, honey?
Oh, you're talking about Cuban industry.
Yeah.
That's fine.
I've already That's not what I'm talking about.
I just having that the protection over the boats is what I was going with tonight.
Thank you, Father.
Protecting the boats, protecting the the the the major boats in Jesus name from the mules.
We pray over the mules to go down.
We pray over the drug cartels to go down.
We thank you Lord from the trafficking again that was from El Paso going up through Leach.
Father we call an exposing over the trafficking in Jesus name that it will not keep taking place with these young people.
We thank you Jesus.
Father, we thank you Lord for exposing the darkness in Amarillo, exposing the darkness in Leach.
We expose the darkness on that highway in Jesus name.
I don't believe Abalene would go through there.
Go down there.
The Abalene's there to go up through that way.
I think it's too far over.
We call a a a deliverance even over these areas, Father, that there will be a people found and brought home safely.
Brought home safely in Jesus' name.
It's the cleansing of this.
That's what's happening.
I see this.
It goes for again in the triangle with Claudia Scheinbaum to Cuba, to Venezuela, to Colombia, like the triangle of the trafficking and the drugs.
It's the blind.
It's the turning of the head from the blinded eye from corrupt law enforcement.
A silver lining.
We call exposing.
We call Father a deliverance over this in Jesus name.
We believe, Father, that your hand is on this nation, that the fentanyl will stop, the the drug trafficking stops.
It's already went down so much.
But these underground tunnels, the underground tunnels to be found.
This is interesting.
Cattle trucks with cattle.
Smuggling people with cattle trucks.
I see a cattle truck.
It's like a secret compartment.
I wonder if we do that.
Do you know you know those cattle trucks that stink when you go down the highway with the air holes on the side?
Yeah.
I see there's like a platform, like a thing with the cattle, like there's a transportation but they have them laying down.
Their bodies are down there, to keep them protected, to smuggle these people.
That may sound way out there, but it's like I can see the air hole vents knowing where to go through.
Paid to keep your eyes turned.
Huh?
That's what I'm seeing.
It's in Mexico.
It looks like cattle trucks to me.
Father, I thank you.
Whatever I'm seeing, you expose it.
What is that?
I thank you, Father.
Look at that.
That's it right there.
You see his cattle trucks, and he said to the top like...
Yes !
That's it right there.
They're hiding them in there.
Do you see that?
They're hiding them down here.
But they're not up top like that.
I saw them making them like little slivers.
There's a gap enough for somebody underneath there, but they had them laying on their backs in the cattle truck.
Do you understand?
There's like a compartment and they are hiding the people in it.
They're not standing up like that.
I saw him laying down.
That's very sad.
That's a cattle.
You see it?
It's even the same color, right?
Yes.
So, they're doing it over again.
So, whatever this is with the the gap, there's a gap and they're hiding the bodies in there with a false floor, and they're laying them down somehow.
And it makes it look like it's thin, but it's actually thicker at the bottom where the wheels go, to put the body.
So, you couldn't be fat and fit in there.
It's for teenagers, young people.
They were stacking them in there.
And I saw it was like a secret floor.
It was a secret floor.
We just thank you, Father.
We call them exposed.
Where'd you find that?
Betsy border protection.
So the vision lines up.
So, they're hiding them in these things.
These traffickers.
The traffickers, we call them out.
We call the traffickers to be found out.
We call them exposed.
We call the trafficking to stop.
We call it healed.
We call the people healed.
It's so hot.
It's like they're getting too hot.
I see an individual.
I see this young girl.
She looks like a Hispanic young girl.
Oh, she's crying.
Oh, father.
This is interesting to me.
Does the Rio Grande go clear across, son ?
Does the whole Rio Grand go clear across Texas all the way across all the states below?
Does it separate every state?
Is it more shallow in other areas?
There's a reason I'm asking this.
So, where I'm seeing it in Mexico, they're coming up through Mexico where the Rio Grande is not.
Do you hear me?
It's up, right through there.
You know what I'm talking about.
I hear it again.
They're coming up through the land, on like ranchers properties.
They're not crossing the Rio Grande.
They're coming up through the land.
That's why I said it's hot.
I haven't heard anymore about the border wall.
I wonder if Trump's even going to do any more about that border wall.
That was a big deal and nobody's talking about it anymore.
What happened to the border wall?
The Lord said, "I can tell you in detail what that little girl look like.
She had a tank top on.
White looked like one of those old white muscle tops.
Had no arms.
It was white with a scoop neck.
She had a skirt on to her knees and she looked like her hair was black.
She had bangs and it went down to the middle of her shoulders.
She was about 12 years old.
She probably was middleweight.
She wasn't skinny.
She wasn't real fat.
She looked to me that her cheeks were full.
I'm telling you what the the girl looked like, but it was a really thin white shirt with straps.
Looked like a tank top.
I can see it very detailed.
Oh Jesus, I call her free.
I call her free.
I thank you that they find her.
I thank you that they find this little girl.
They find these people.
I thank you, Father, that you're working on our behalf right now.
We call them free tonight.
We send angels there to help them.
Send angels there to help them Lord.
We call them free tonight in Jesus name.
That this stops, that this barbarian act stops.
They stop this.
I thank you that the hand of the Lord is on behalf of this.
The hand of the Lord is coming against them.
We thank you Lord.
Thank you Lord that you protect the boats, you protect the cruise ships, you protect these boats full of people.
We thank you, Father, that every plan, every plot of the wicked, Father, that they will be exposed, that Father, they'll not use drones, they'll not use anything that would cause mass casualties ainst our nation.
People say, "Well, Brandon, they're a sovereign nation.
That's America.
They have a right to defend themselves.
" The Lord is liberating people that have been bound by dictators and poverty.
And God wants to turn it around.
There's intentions on both sides, but this is bigger because we're running out of time.
It's about getting the gospel preached to every ear.
Couldn't it happen another way?
Not by that witchcraft guy up there.
He's trying to block everything of what I've seen.
He needs to be removed.
He's evil.
And God's going to bring in better leadership.
Good leadership.
Not people that are dictators and tyrants.
To have a free election, to have a free economy, a blessed economy.
To come out and have a hope.
That Latinos will have the greatest revival that the world has ever seen.
I'm telling you, we're going to see it.
All hidden things be revealed.
All hindrances be removed in the name of Jesus.
And we believe that tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that Father, this will start with the greatest move we've ever seen.
People rejoicing, people excited.
Thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
Praise you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus, for liberation, for setting the people free.
Liberty.
We pray over our oil rigs.
Tuttle, Houston, Louisiana all around.
We pray over oil refineries, gas refineries, propane, all our major refineries, railroads, trucks, whatever it may be.
We pray over every kind of transit device that would go from sea to shining sea.
Father, that America will not have any terrorist-related attacks in our nation.
Father, we pray over President Trump, over his mind, that he does not have a reprobate mind, that he is not listening to carnal-thinking people, that they're led by the spirit of the Lord.
We pray over him that he is led by the spirit of the Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly, that's even in his inner circle; that you bring up men and women around him that have integrity and have a backbone like a crowbar that will stand for what's right.
Our Constitution, our Bill of Rights.
We pray against the 25th Amendment, that it will not happen.
We thank you, Lord, that he will finish his race.
There'll not be a coup or a 25th Amendment against him.
We thank you, Lord, that he's able to finish his race.
And Father, we lift him up and bring him across the finish line in the name of Jesus, that he has strength and wind in his sail.
But Father, he'll keep the main thing the main thing and he'll not get prideful.
He'll keep his eyes going vertical and he will not go horizontal and get arrogant and inflated with pride.
He humbles himself before the mighty hand of God.
And I believe, Father, that you will sustain him and keep him in the name of Jesus as he lifts your holy name up, for you will share your glory with no one.
And we pray over Rubio and over JD Vance and over Byron and over Mike Lindell and all these others.
Father, we pray a hedge of protection over our midterms, that it will be a red wave of good leadership in the Senate, in the House, in the governors, in the mayors.
We call a red wave over this nation in the name of Jesus.
And Lord, let it be a red wave, a tidal wave of the blood of Jesus covering it from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
A major revival is over you and me.
We believe it.
Do you believe that?
We pray over the elections now.
We've got June, July, August, September, October, and then the first of November.
Less than five months.
We call a turnaround in the economy, a turnaround over things.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
We call a turnaround in Jesus' name.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord.
We thank you, Father.
We thank you for this time of prayer tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that we see change.
We'll see results in the news of what we've been praying.
And Father, the best is yet to come for every single one of us.
And we give all the glory to you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Well, I feel good about it.
And so we'll come back again tomorrow.
We'll keep praying.
We'll keep lifting up the nations.
And we're so thankful for every single one of you that came out to pray tonight.
I know, I don't think it's too late.
It's not too bad.
You have enough to go to bed.
It's pretty late; it's time to go to bed.
Well, God bless you all.
It isn't time to go to bed.
It's time to go to bed.
You can go to bed.
A lot of you are going to bed.
It's already almost midnight on the East Coast.
So God bless you all.
We'll see you again tomorrow.
Thank you for joining us.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.